very good to all and welcome to a
new unboxing video turin today plays
t1 news and is that the first tablet with
windows 8 of bq is now available here
the bq 3 the w 8
The Spanish company BQ has expanded its
catalog of tablets and has done it with
a very special his first tablet with
Microsoft's operating system the
windows 8 now let's start with the
features the first tablet and
windows 8 of bq is called bq
tesla w 8 and has some very good
specifications among which
find a 10.1- inch screen
hd intel processor atom 2 gb memory
ram and 32 gb of storage mmc between
many others below we are going to
talk about the specifications the
screen
the size of the screen is 10.1
inches and the technology that it employs is
Multi-touch ips with five points
capacitive the resolution is 1280 x
800 and the viewing angle of 170 degrees
now let's go to memory and that is
has 32 gigabytes of mvc internal memory
which are 20 gigabytes for windows office
and direct them available to the user
approximately the ram memory is 2
gigas as well we have said before and
the processor is an intel atom z 2 thousand
760 up to 1.8 gigahertz the battery
It is a 6.200 mega li-ion battery
periods and the operating system that
includes is windows 8 and also
includes the office 2013 home and student
now we are going to connectivity and that is
incorporates wifi 802 11 b / g / n also usb
otg and as no bluetooth connections
that incorporates are a 3.5 jack port
millimeters for headphones tr of res
and also incorporates a slot for a
sd card the functions have a
2 megapixel front camera and also
We include shopping service will
talk about compatible formats
documents
supported windows and windows formats
office of 2013 by default with respect to
the images the supported formats of
windows by default and with respect to
videos the hardware supports wmv and mpeg-2
and decoding or acceleration for
mpeg4 h 264 1080p and from 24 to 20
megabytes per second and the audio are
Well the supported windows formats
by default the measures of this
devices are 272 by 178 x 10.5
millimeters and the weight is 650 grams
when we open in the house
we can meet first with the bq
tesla windows 8 afterwards also
incorporates a charger to cdc of 12
volts and 22 amps and then like not the
documentation
we can see that it has some very
interesting and specifications can
compete directly with any such
similar time we only found it a tad
just the 6,200 megawatts battery and
the fact of not incorporating more than one
2 megapixel front camera but for
the price you have is pretty good
equipped we would also like that bq
had a stand or keyboard prepared
to be able to use it as a laptop as
the manufacturers are getting used to
of tablets windows 8 now we go to the
disposition skill and price the
PQ Tesla W 8 arrival is now available
in your online store and stores in the sector
where they usually sell their
dispositives
its price is 329 ninety euros
being one of the most economical
from the market
being a windows device is more
expensive than other similar benefits
android but clear for example the beko
edition 24 is at 199.95 - but neither
we can do the same thing with a
windows tablet we can do tasks that
with other operating systems it would be
impossible or much more expensive of time
we will see if it becomes a reference
to follow and it is the first of many more
tablets that remove bq with windows and if
encourages to present some windows 7 for
share
microsoft and nokia with its surface and
Lumia 2,520 This has been all for today
thank you very much for seeing us and subscribing
down there that is free to be
aware of the technology now I continue with
other videos
do not